I didn't expect this - yeah well
considering we had so many problems we
were like poor in a lot of aspects of
the game and we definitely don't have
our together the end of the third
day of elseís here in 2018 with covers
presented by Omni slash I'm joined right
now by a wild turtle after what was a
difficult game to watch because it's a
giant breaking it which became a chronal
break and I I can finally go get some
food how you feeling after that whole
thing I feel exhausted I just couldn't
understand because they were just
investigating the bug but apparently it
was like on the bug list that they sent
us I just sucked in like forever to
resolve it for some reason I guess like
if it was on the list and yeah it's on
the list so like you know that's a bug
guys come on so like it just ended up
being I think drawn out a lot more than
it has to be considering like maybe
golden geysers like yeah it's pretty
so they're like talking around
a lot so yeah so the interesting thing
though is that around that pause right
after that pause we started to see
everything start to shift back in your
guys's favor so what do you yeah what
allowed you guys to kind of get to come
back there cuz you guys had an
elliptical man honestly we were pretty
optimistic even before the quarter break
I think we were already like coming back
like pretty sure we felt like we were
gonna start getting more control the
game back and yeah I don't think the
pause really affected like how like jerk
outcome with that game too much I don't
mean the positive but it was an
interesting point because afterwards we
started to see things swing back in your
favor and so that's what I mean it's
just like going into that game for a
while actually that Guardians was gonna
win then stuff started swing back so
what allowed you to regain control of it
honestly Jaden the chrono becaus we did
talk because like they allowed us to
talk amongst ourselves so we did talk
about like hey let's do this this is
this so we kind of find out the game
obviously it's kind of like cheating
kinda but they were able to do it too so
I don't think it's even yeah we made
some really bad early game decisions
that game that really made us fall
behind and
and we just played the wavy we talked
about we're gonna play I think it turned
out a lot better and with no disrespect
to Keene what how different is your team
from what you think could be its its top
strength once you get your main mid
laner in um honestly it's gonna have to
be like scary I had to like take a while
to get back to the point where we work
because we were practicing with Keene
now for a really long time and we are
obviously getting better day by day by
day with Keane as well so it'll be hard
to say
I think after five coming back we all
obviously see a bigger difference but it
was really fun playing with fly back
when we were in Korea and at the start
of this sorry this split kinda and then
we had to start using key yeah how good
do you think that you are right now as a
team compared to some of the others
because you're not two in one which is
there's quite a few teams that have
worse records right now so what do you
what years you're kind of take on all
this oh it's kind of surprising to me as
well I didn't expect us to do well
considering we had so many problems we
were day like pouring a lot of aspects
to the game and we definitely don't have
our together I feel like two was
kind of a fluke sort of but I do think
we are really playing I love all my
teammates I think they play really well
so I think individual skill has
definitely helped us pick up the wins we
need so it's been pretty good what do
you think of look it up as draft in that
that game like I says his dress was that
good news right in front of me right now
so you know I don't know what to say
about that okay all right good well
we'll find out later if he what you
actually think whenever he leaves he's
stole my producers had known okay now
he's gone what was it what did you
actually think about Golding already
trapped um I didn't adapt it well for
the most weight I think they gave all
their players like comfort picks and a
really easy composition to play I think
playing like a tank top tank top and
like foursome yeah they pretty much it's
like had a car like Soriano
yeah and a really easy composition of
pasta I think I think they draft it to
the best of their ability very good
so anything that you want to say to any
of the fans out there
uh grab a Snickers there we go
thank you so much for the interview
turtle for everyone else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
hey everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre Team Liquid interview I do so
many of those that T was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews
brought to you by Omni slash you can do
that right here on my youtube channel